<title> About Me </title>

## About Me

I fell in love with UX design about a year ago; I have a passion for designing and innovating. I love to collab and work with others. I've always found it fascinating to analyze and study people's emotions and attitudes. I love to work on Photoshop and plan to expand my skills to other editing platforms this winter. Premiere Pro, Lightroom, Illustrator, AfterEffects, InDesign, and DreamWeaver are the ones I'm planning on pursuing after my first semester of university. In my free time, I enjoy boxing, skateboarding, listening to music, and making beats. I currently attend Wilfrid Laurier University for UX-Design, and I'm enjoying every minute of it! 
## My Angle

The article I read was <em>"E-portfolio, a valuable job search tool for college students." </em> This article's main idea was to answer various questions on what employers thought about e-portfolios and whether they were a valuable way to present your experience. E-portfolio's allow individuals to showcase their accomplishments and achievements via web-based. The results showed that 6 out of 10 candidates have never heard of an e-portfolio and the other remaining candidates only knew a <strong>little</strong> about the topic. Once all participants were introduced to the subject, they all showed positive responses. What was very interesting was that the article states <em>"The paper resume won't be replaced by the e-portfolio at the present time. An e-portfolio could probably be used as a supplementary reference of the paper resume".  </em> This was extremely interesting as although we spend so much time on an e-portfolio, it's just the second option the employer is looking for. They're primarily focused on the resume. Overall, the e-portfolio is a growing topic that still many employees don't care to see nor have even heard of. I believe this will significantly help university students like myself to understand that a resume is a crucial aspect of getting a job; having a reliable resume is much more important than having a solid e-portfolio. The e-portfolio will only really benefit me if my resume isn't great. As time goes on, this may change; slowly, employers will be making this a requirement; in an industry like UX design, it is a requirement; however, many other fields don't always require a portfolio. 


## References 

Ti, Yu. “ProQuest | Better Research, Better Learning, Better Insights.” E-Portfolio, a Valuable Job Search Tool for College Students, ProQuest, 2012, https://www.proquest.com/. 